pull_request_template.md, before:

### Issue #, if available:

### Description of changes:

### Testing done:

#### Manual test cases (add more as needed):

- [ ] Join meeting without CallKit
- [ ] Join meeting with CallKit as Incoming
- [ ] Join meeting with CallKit as Outgoing
- [ ] Leave meeting
- [ ] Rejoin meeting
- [ ] See metrics
- [ ] See attendee presence
- [ ] Send audio
- [ ] Receive audio
- [ ] Mute self
- [ ] Unmute self
- [ ] See local mute indicator when muted
- [ ] See remote mute indicator when other is muted
- [ ] Enable and disable local video
- [ ] Enable and disable remote video from remote side
- [ ] Send local video
- [ ] Pause and resume remote video
- [ ] Switch local camera
- [ ] Receive remote screen share

#### Integration validation (required before release)

- [ ] Unit tests pass
- [ ] Build SDK against simulator with release options
- [ ] Build SDK against device with release options
- [ ] Build SDK against simulator with debug options
- [ ] Build SDK against device with debug options
- [ ] Test Demo against simulator with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test Demo against device with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against simulator with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against device with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test Demo against simulator with SDK.framework (release build)
- [ ] Test Demo against device with SDK.framework (release build)
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against simulator with SDK.framework (release build)
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against device with SDK.framework (release build)

### Screenshots, if available:

By submitting this pull request, I confirm that you can use, modify, copy, and redistribute this contribution, under the terms of your choice.

Commit message:

Update PR template to remove tests convered by integration tests (#437)

pull_request_template.md, after:

## ℹ️ Description
*provide a summary of the changes and the related issue, relevant motivation and context*

### Issue #, if available

### Type of change
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update
    - [ ] README update
    - [ ] CHANGELOG update
    - [ ] guildes update
- [ ] This change requires a dependency update
    - [ ] Amazon Chime SDK Media
    - [ ] Other (update corresonding legal documents)

## 🧪 How Has This Been Tested?
*describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes, any relevant details for your test configuration*

### Additional Manual Test
- [ ] Pause and resume remote video
- [ ] Switch local camera
- [ ] Rotate screen back and forth

## 📱 Screenshots, if available
*provide screenshots/video record if there's a UI change in demo app*

## ✅ Checklist
#### Integration validation (required before release)

- [ ] Unit tests pass
- [ ] Build SDK against simulator with release options
- [ ] Build SDK against device with release options
- [ ] Build SDK against simulator with debug options
- [ ] Build SDK against device with debug options
- [ ] Test Demo against simulator with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test Demo against device with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against simulator with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against device with SDK (debug build) in workspace
- [ ] Test Demo against simulator with SDK.framework (release build)
- [ ] Test Demo against device with SDK.framework (release build)
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against simulator with SDK.framework (release build)
- [ ] Test DemoObjC against device with SDK.framework (release build)

By submitting this pull request, I confirm that you can use, modify, copy, and redistribute this contribution, under the terms of your choice.
